= I18nize

I18nize provides a plugin to translate rails apps into spanish. The scaffold generator templates
are overrided for directly writing translations. Errors and notices are also taken into account.

The basic problem with spanish is the use of different article clauses depending on the gender of
the word. So, as long as "THE word" is translated as "LA palabra", "THE fish" is translated as "EL pez".

== USAGE

Step 1:

rails generate i18nize:create

Creates a helper that provides the following methods:

  error_explanation_for(record)

Translates the active record model errors.

  translate_options_for(collection)

Sometimes you got an array inside the model with the text you want to show in the web and the text for the database.
translate_options_for fetches the translation for the web side.

Don't forget to type

 config.i18n.load_path += Dir[Rails.root.join('config', 'locales', '**',     '*.{rb,yml}')]

in the config files.

Step 2:

Adds support for a particular language (currently and default: es)
  
   rails generate i18nize:add_language [LOCALE]
   
Copies activerecord and devise (I've always worked with authentication) and a basic translation file <locale>.yml
   
Remember to switch to your preferred locale in the config files.

    config.i18n.default_locale = :es


Step 3:

Scaffold your models normally, migrate, etc.
  
  rails g scaffold Person plaza:string surname:string
  
Step 4:

Translate

rails g i18nize:translate Person plaza:- surname:apellidos --locale es 

Use a dash when no translation is given. es is the default locale.

== NOTES


When you install it via rails plugin install you can have, depending on your rails version, a github plugin not
found. As far as I know it doesn't matter. Is working anyway.

Copyright (c) 2011 txemagon / imasen, released under the MIT license
